feat(license): better handling of expiring licenses (#8523)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

  - `/rest/v0/networks` (PR [#8497](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8497))
  - `/rest/v0/networks/<network-id>` (PR [#8497](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8497))
- [V2V] Resume an incomplete warm migration (PR [#8440](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8440))

> - [Licences] Warn a user when the XOA's licence is near expiration, handle expired licences (PR [#8523](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8523))

Reviewer: add `xo-web minor` in packages to release

- [REST API] Expose the possibility to run a schedule `/rest/v0/schedules/<schedule-id>/actions/run` (PR [#8477](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8477))
- [Host/Networks] PIFs can now be filtered by network names
- [Plugins/audit] Add an option to import audit logs from an XOA to another (PR [#8474](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8474))

> - [Licences] Warn a user when the XOA's licence is near expiration, handle expired licences (PR [#8523](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8523))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Licenses] Warn a user when the XOA's license is near expiration, handle expired licenses (PR [#8523](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/8523))
```
